Link fixes (#286)
rapidsai/rapids.ai: start.md

<i class="fas fa-download text-purple"></i> **CUDA & NVIDIA Drivers:** One of the following supported versions:
{: .no-tb-margins }

- <i class="fas fa-check-circle text-purple"></i> [CUDA 11.2](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-11.2.0-download-archive){: target="_blank"} with Driver 460.27.03 or newer
- <i class="fas fa-check-circle text-purple"></i> [CUDA 11.4](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-11-4-0-download-archive){: target="_blank"} with Driver 470.42.01 or newer
- <i class="fas fa-check-circle text-purple"></i> [CUDA 11.5](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-11-5-0-download-archive){: target="_blank"} with Driver 495.29.05 or newer

> - Note: Newer versions not currently listed may also work

Reviewer: This is helpful -- but maybe it should be rephrased or expanded. It is a major point of confusion for new users so I want to make sure we get it right. cc: @beckernick if you have thoughts.

What about:
```suggestion
- Note: RAPIDS is tested with and officially supports the versions listed above. Newer CUDA and driver versions may also work with RAPIDS. See [CUDA compatibility](https://docs.nvidia.com/deploy/cuda-compatibility/index.html) for details.
```
